Update TS-JS, TinyGo and Python Re: KV & RDBMS (#793)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/python-components.md

127.0.0.1:6379> get foo
"bar"
```

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

> ## Storing Data in Relational Databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storing Data in SQLite
```

> For more information about using relational databases from Python, see [Relational Databases](rdbms-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using SQLite from Python, see [SQLite Storage](sqlite-api-guide).
```

127.0.0.1:6379> get foo
"bar"
```

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

## Storing Data in SQLite Relational Databases

For more information about using SQLite relational databases from Python, see [SQLite storage](sqlite-api-guide).

> ## Storing Data in MySQL and PostgreSQL Relational Databases

Reviewer: Not supported in Python  as far as I know

Author: 100% thank you.
This has been updated in new push.
